hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is my review of the Acer
predator 15 and Predator 17 so
originally I was going to do two
separate videos on these but then I
thought what's better than two separate
videos when they have so much in common
one unseparated video let's do it so
design wise they're both very similar
they have a soft touch rubber on all the
exterior surfaces and there's a predator
logo up front when the device is on the
logo and these two strips here light up
red now the build quality on both of
these is pretty good if you have plastic
finishes there's no metal on the
exterior but they both have good chassis
strength and limited screenflex even the
17-inch panel is sturdy one thing to
keep in mind though with soft touch
finishes if you treat it rough it can
show scratches and stuff pretty easily
but if you treat it well you're good to
go reports they both have the same
arrangement on the right side we have a
Thunderbolt three used to be threes
video outputs and then Ethernet and on
the left side we have a couple more USBs
audio jacks and an SD slot okay on the
bottom of the laptop we have the
subwoofers air intake vents and then an
easy to open hatch for accessing the
upgradable components so there's two
empty RAM slots you can upgrade it up to
64 gigs of ram and for storage there's
an empty slot that's in use and then a
second slot on top that comes empty and
then you also have your regular two and
a half inch drive so three drives in
total which is awesome for things like
streaming recording games or video
editing the fans exhaust out the back
and it obviously has a gamer inspired
design to it but I think they look
pretty cool now both of them are a
little heavier and larger relative to
other laptops with the same screen size
opening it up it has the same soft touch
material on the inside big lot tops like
this often have nice keyboards and these
ones feel pretty good it's very spacious
excellent key travel and the layout is
perfect even with a keyboard shift from
the number pad typing and gaming is very
comfortable the backlighting is read on
the keyboard area and then blue on the
number pad
so you can't change the backlight in
color but you can turn them on and off
in zones there's some profile buttons
that you can program macros and you can
control things like fans or graphics
cards it's actually pretty useful the
17-inch predator has it on the side and
then the 15-inch one has it up on the
top because there's less space on the
side but there is one issue on the 15
inch keyboard so the corner here can
poke into your wrist now I don't have a
big wrist so there's just enough space
for me to use it comfortably but if
you're jacked or if you have huge arms
then this might actually bug you I tried
it out in the store first if you can the
trackpad is also really good it has
excellent texture and it tracks nicely
it uses physical buttons that are really
nice to click there's quite a bit of
travel on the buttons but they're still
very responsive there's also a button
here to turn off the trackpad when
you're gaming with the mess the screens
on both of these review units are 1080p
IPS panels they're bright backlighting
matte finish good contrast good color
accuracy really good viewing angles
there are nice screens there's no light
bleed that I can see on the 15-inch
panel there's a little bit in the top
corners of the 17-inch but it's very
slight now there's supposedly a 4k
option for the 17-inch model in some
countries but I haven't seen it but
overall these 1080p panels are really
solid and are great for gaming
they don't have G sync though there's
also a 720p webcam you got some pretty
clean videos from it the speakers are
actually on the bottom not in that front
grill area like they look like they
would be the 15-inch speaker sounds
really good but the 17-inch speaker
sounds even better
both of them have plenty of volume and a
good amount of bass but the middle and
upper frequencies just sound cleaner and
more precise on the 17-inch the fans on
idle aren't too loud but when these
laptops are going full tilt the fans are
very audible they are cooling a gtx 980m
which gets hot but yeah these fans are
loud the disc drive for both of them are
removable and you can replace it with
this extra fan that they call a frost
core it's a neat idea
but doesn't seem to affect temperatures
too much and it definitely adds a little
bit more fan noise but whether or not
you use this bonus fan temperatures stay
appropriate without overheating or
throttling the one terabyte hard drive
speeds are pretty standard the SSD
speeds heavily dependent on the
configuration you get but you can easily
add or upgrade
self the skylake processor is a
quad-core 6700 HQ and they pair them
with at least 16 gigs of ram you combo
that up with a 980 m and these laptops
just crush games at 1080p if you play at
high or Ultra settings only light to
moderate ledum and in games can still
maintain 60 frames per second the most
graphically intense games like
open-world triple-a titles are going to
drop to like 30 or 40 frames per second
on Ultra but in terms of laptop gaming
it doesn't get too much faster right now
now these 980 m chips only have 4 gigs
of video RAM instead of the 8 gigs we
see in some systems but it doesn't make
much of a difference for most games at
1080p in terms of batteries the 15 and
17-inch both have the same 90 watt hour
battery those are pretty big batteries
and they take about three and a half
hours to fully charge up from zero now
in terms of battery life the 15-inch got
around five and a half hours of use the
17-inch got a little bit less than five
hours of use very respectable for the
type of laptops these are and if you're
playing games only about an hour and a
half of gaming time ok the Acer predator
laptops they have good build quality
with the soft touch finish the display
options don't have G sync but they're
bright and have vibrant colors the
keyboard is nice to type on but the
backlighting is limited to red the
trackpad can be toggled on and off and
it's also enjoyable to use inside the i7
and 980m easily handle games the systems
are really well cooled but the fans are
loud it has a minimum of 16 gigs of RAM
but you can upgrade it to 64 gigs they
include both an SSD and a one terabyte
hard drive which are easily upgraded
pricing starts at $1500 for
configuration with a 970m but if you
want a nine ATM those configurations
start at around $2,000 so the Predators
are actually two of the more powerful
laptops I've used there's a lot to like
about them the screen is good the build
quality is good powerful components and
great battery life there's a lot of good
stuff going on but the two things that
kind of bug me are the red and black
theme I know it's a very personal thing
but red and black is just so common I
wish they'd gone for something a little
bit more neutral but the big thing for
me is the weight I understand it's a
gaming laptop and I understand that it's
got a very wonderful battery life
because of that extra battery weight in
there but seven and a half pounds
fifteen inch model is a very heavy
device to carry like as your regular
daily driver if you bring it to class or
carrying it in between classes
it'll bog you down but if you don't need
to lug your laptop around really
frequently these are really good options
I take a close look at them that's a
nice review hope you guys liked it
thumbs have you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time